[WIP] Initial about us restructure (#21)
uk-tre/website: docs/about/index.md

# About the community

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
:hidden: true

story.md
focus.md
```

Please use this page to learn about the community, including our story, current focus, governance processes, people, and contact information.

## [](story.md)

Including how we formed, what we have done so far and where we are going.

## [](focus.md)

Details on the current status of the community, and what we are prioritising.

## [](governance.md)

Information on our ways of working, our roles and leadership, and how we make decisions.

## [](people.md)

Including the wide range of our membership, and who currently holds leadership positions

## [](contact.md)

> The different ways you can get involved with the community!

Reviewer: Is this description right? "contact.md" just implies getting in touch, whereas it sounds like this is more about getting involved? So maybe "join-us.md"?

Author: Good point! We are suggesting having a more in depth get involved elsewhere - so maybe a wording change above?

> The different ways you can get involved with the community!

Author: ```suggestion
The different ways you can get in touch with the community
```

Author: @manics this instead?
